Machine Learning Engineering Summer - Fall Intern 2026 (Teradyne, No Reading, MA) | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineering-summer-fall-intern-2026-teradyne-no-reading-ma-at-teradyne-4378128450

We are the global test and automation specialists, powering next-generation technologies through sophisticated solutions. Behind every electronic device you use, Teradyne's test technology ensures your device works right the first time, every time! Our portfolio of automation solutions help manufacturers to develop and deliver products quickly, efficiently and cost-effectively. Together, Teradyne companies deliver manufacturing automation across industries and applications around the world!

We attract, develop, and retain a high-performance workforce, comprised of people with diverse backgrounds and a shared drive for excellence. We strive to foster a positive and inclusive work environment that helps employees, and communities, thrive.

Our Purpose

TERADYNE, where experience meets innovation and driving excellence in every connection. We are fueled by creativity and diversity of thought and in our workforce. Our employees are supported to innovate and learn something new every day.

We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.

Opportunity Overview

At Teradyne, we are advancing intelligent automation and AI-driven software systems to support engineering workflows. As a Machine Learning / AI Engineering Intern, you will work on applied AI initiatives involving large language models (LLMs), reinforcement learning (RL), and intelligent decision-making systems. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to explore model training, evaluation, and integration of AI capabilities into software platforms. This role offers hands-on experience building practical AI systems in a real-world engineering environment. We welcome students in Computer Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, or related fields with strong programming and machine learning backgrounds.

Responsibilities


Develop and fine-tune machine learning models, including large language models.
Experiment with reinforcement learning and policy optimization methods.
Support data preparation, synthetic data generation, and model evaluation.
Contribute to the design of intelligent, agent-based workflows.
Collaborate with software and engineering teams to prototype AI-enabled solutions.


All About You

We seek individuals who share our passion and determination. Our commitment to customer success drives us to go the extra mile. If you’re ready to join us in this mission, take a closer look at the minimum criteria for the position.Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.


Proficiency in Python and deep learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch or TensorFlow).
Familiarity with large language models and modern AI development tools.
Exposure to reinforcement learning concepts (e.g., policy gradients, value functions) is a plus.
Experience with AI orchestration or agent frameworks (e.g., LangChain, AutoGen, etc.) is a plus.


Education

Pursuing or obtained a master’s degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or related areas of study.

We are only considering candidates local to position location and are unable to provide relocation for this position.

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

Compensation

The base hourly range for this role is $25.50-$47.00. This range is a good faith estimate, and the amount of base salary will correspond with experience and skill set. This range can also fluctuate depending on demand and location.


Show more
