Financial Representative Internship | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/financial-representative-internship-at-northwestern-mutual-4376744164

Financial Representative Interns at Northwestern Mutual Boston, Middleton, Rockland and Woburn, help their clients live more and worry less through our unique approach to financial planning. Our interns, who come from varying academic backgrounds and experiences, begin to build a financial planning practice while employing local and nationwide experts, exclusive financial products, and the support of a Fortune 100 company. You will have the opportunity to build your confidence, develop a professional network, and change people’s lives by helping them achieve financial freedom. Here, hard work pays off!




Our internship program mimics our full-time Financial Representative role, allowing you to:

Build your client base through prospecting and networking
Call on potential clients and set meetings to understand their financial goals
Prepare plans and offer useful recommendations
Gain exposure to planning software platforms
Get licensed with your Life, Accident, and Health insurance license
Participate in weekly coaching, training, and development meetings




As a Northwestern Mutual intern, you can expect a flexible schedule to work around life and your classes. With our year-round program, you can continue to grow your practice and obtain support for registrations and certifications such as the Series 6 & 63 or CFP®. Get inspired at local and national recognition events, earn access to leadership programs, and collaborate with experts in our business. In fact, you’ll find diverse resources across our culture to ensure that you experience personal and professional growth in this program. With interest, eligible interns have an opportunity to interview for a full-time Financial Representative role upon graduation.

Are you a fit for this internship?

Full-time student; juniors and seniors preferred
Entrepreneurial and curiosity for sales
Highly involved on campus (leader, campus orgs, student government, etc)
Excellent time-management skills
Interest in financial literacy and planning tools
Business savvy

 

Compensation & Benefits

Commissions
Development Stipends
Productivity Bonuses
Support for insurance licensing (life, health, DI, LTC)
Support for SIE, Series 6, Series 63 registrations (eligibility required)

About Us

For over 160 years, we have helped our clients spend their lives living through comprehensive and innovative financial planning. We combine the expertise of our financial professionals with personalized digital experience and industry-leading products to give our clients the ability to successfully navigate their financial lives.

Our tailored approach includes multiple financial strategies—insurance, investments, and annuities—built to reinforce each other, keeping our clients consistently on track to meet goal after goal. We lead with unmatched financial strength and access to the best products and services for our clients.

Our Financial Representatives are valued partners, and proud business owners. We value an inclusive and belonging environment where everyone’s different viewpoints bring new successes!

Why join Northwestern Mutual:

#90, Fortune 100 company (2021)
Top 5 Internship for Financial Services, Vault Guide to Top Internships 2020
4.75+ million clients and growing1

·      $224 billion2 (retail investment client assets held or managed) 

Forbes' Best Employers for Diversity (2018-2020)
Unsurpassed financial strength3

·      Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality- Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index (2015-2021)

Show more
