Intern – Full-Stack Developer, Genome Informatics – Cambridge, MA – Summer 2026 | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/intern-–-full-stack-developer-genome-informatics-–-cambridge-ma-–-summer-2026-at-philips-4359236722

Job Title

Intern – Full-Stack Developer, Genome Informatics – Cambridge, MA – Summer 2026

Job Description

Are you interested in an Internship opportunity with Philips? We welcome individuals who are currently pursuing an undergraduate (BS) or graduate (MS) to participate in 3 month paid intern opportunities at our site in Cambridge. Through this role you will gain meaningful, hands-on experience working for a HealthTech company.

Your Role


Designing and developing a web-based tool for genomic variant analysis with a professional user interface
Integrating the MPEG-G (an ISO/IEC compression standard for genomic data) codec into the tool.
Implementing functionalities that include query using pre-built indexes such as B-Tree and LevelDB, filtering, sorting, formatting, etc.
Optimizing the tool for speed and memory usage to ensure a smooth user experience for the analysis and presentation of millions of genomic variants
Following Philips practices for software excellence and working closely with the software development team and external collaborators. Preparing clear documentations and presentations


You're The Right Fit If


Currently pursuing a Bachelor or Master’s degree in Computer Science
Technical experience, knowledge and/or certification: software development experience – full-stack development, user interface design and performance optimization. Proficiency in the Javascript, Java and C (optional) programming languages.
Technical skills: experience or knowledge in at least one of the following technologies: React/Remix framework for server-side rendering (SSR), HTML, Angular or other JavaScript-based frameworks for user interface development, Query using indexing tools such as B-Tree and LevelDB, RESTful web services, Deployment of software services on AWS or XML & JSON
Personal skills: able to work within a team environment and should be self-motivated with the ability to plan and execute
You must be able to successfully perform the following minimum Physical, Cognitive and Environmental job requirements with or without accommodation for this position.


How We Work Together

We believe that we are better together than apart. For our office-based teams, this means working in-person at least 3 days per week. Onsite roles require full-time presence in the company’s facilities. Field roles are most effectively done outside of the company’s main facilities, generally at the customers’ or suppliers’ locations.

This is an office role.

About Philips

We are a health technology company. We built our entire company around the belief that every human matters, and we won't stop until everybody everywhere has access to the quality healthcare that we all deserve. Do the work of your life to help improve the lives of others.


Learn more about our business.
Discover our rich and exciting history.
Learn more about our purpose.
Learn more about our culture.


Philips Transparency Details

The hourly pay range for this position is Bachelor Candidates: $29.00 to $32.00, Masters Candidates: $33.00-45.00, plus eligible overtime. The actual base pay offered may vary within the posted ranges depending on multiple factors including job-related knowledge/skills, experience, business needs, geographical location, and internal equity.  

Details About Our Benefits Can Be Found Here.

At Philips, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top end of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent upon the facts and circumstances of each case.

Additional Information

US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa, now or in the future.

This requisition is expected to stay active for 45 days but may close earlier if a successful candidate is selected or business necessity dictates. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as possible to ensure consideration.

Philips is an Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer including Disability/Vets and maintains a drug-free workplace.
Show more
