Summer Intern - Software Engineer | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/summer-intern-software-engineer-at-nordson-corporation-4379109721

Nordson Medical, a global leader in Interventional Solutions, Fluid Components, and Surgical Solutions, is seeking an experienced and highly motivated individual to join our team. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we are looking for candidates who share that same commitment.

Summary Of The Role

As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic and collaborative environment, where your ideas and contributions will be valued and respected.

Job Summary


Testing and conformance verification of Nordson automation control software, providing detailed analysis of software bugs and isolating procedures resulting in errors
Assisting with marketing collateral creation for the tabletop automation line of business as newly released features are incorporated


Essential Job Duties And Responsibilities


Perform all variable and attribute inspections on product based on specifications
Interpret basic blueprint dimensions/notes specific to the parts being inspected – Automation hardware and software
Perform measurements properly using identified equipment
Properly care for measuring and test equipment
Determine acceptability of product utilizing Nordson EFD workmanship standards and related procedures
Disposition product features and specifications as approved or rejected
Perform data entry and assist with data analysis and trending for non-conforming materials, final product inspection yields, complaints, corrective actions, scrap reports and supplier issues
All other duties as assigned


Education And Experience Requirements


Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science
In-depth knowledge of quality engineering theories, principles, inspection techniques, tools and equipment
Demonstrated basic problem-solving experience in root cause corrective action and have a systematic approach to problem solving
Industrial automation programming experience is preferred
Must be willing to work in a laboratory setting


Skills And Abilities


Proficiency in Microsoft Office; Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Able to read, understand and interpret technical drawings/documentation in data acquisition and mechanical design
Ability to work with cross-functional teams


Interested?

If you are interested in being a part of a team and creating an inclusive and diverse workplace, please apply online with your CV.

About Nordson Medical

At Nordson MEDICAL, you don't have to be a doctor to help save lives. We are the global expert in the design, development, and manufacturing of complex medical devices and component technologies. By joining our team today, you will help us bring innovative ideas to life. Nordson MEDICAL is a global team that works to create components for life-saving medical devices. We offer a supportive culture in a growing and dynamic work environment. Whether you're just beginning your career or you're a seasoned professional, there's a place for you to belong at Nordson MEDICAL. We offer hourly and salary positions in production, maintenance, customer service, quality, engineering, and more. We actively invest in our teams to help you build your skillsets and advance your career.
Show more
