Software Engineering Intern | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/software-engineering-intern-at-l3harris-technologies-4380393275

L3Harris is dedicated to recruiting and developing high-performing talent who are passionate about what they do. Our employees are unified in a shared dedication to our customers’ mission and quest for professional growth. L3Harris provides an inclusive, engaging environment designed to empower employees and promote work-life success. Fundamental to our culture is an unwavering focus on values, dedication to our communities, and commitment to excellence in everything we do.

L3Harris is the Trusted Disruptor in defense tech. With customers’ mission-critical needs always in mind, our employees deliver end-to-end technology solutions connecting the space, air, land, sea and cyber domains in the interest of national security.

Job Title: Software Engineer Intern

Job Code: 34705

Job Location: Wilmington, MA

Job Schedule: 9/80: Employees work 9 out of every 14 days – totaling 80 hours worked, and have every other Friday off.

Job Description: 


Apply computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis concepts and principles in the development of software for the target application
Work closely with cross functional members of the engineering organization to develop and evaluate interfaces between hardware and software, and operational performance requirements and design of the overall system
Support and participate in all phases of the software development life cycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, integration, and test of embedded software for real-time control of advanced tactical radio equipment
Develop software test procedures, software programs, and related documentation
Utilize modeling tools and equipment to establish operating data, conduct experimental tests, and evaluate results
Participate in peer reviews, identify, track and repair defects
Utilize a variety of software languages (i.e., C++, C#, C, Java, Ruby, HTML5, XML, SQL, Perl, Python, Ajax, Qt) on Windows, Linux, mobile platforms, and embedded real time operating systems (VxWorks, Linux, QNX, Integrity, Windows CE, and others for Motorola, Intel, TI, and custom processor designs)  



Digital Signal Processing 


Apply digital signal processing (DSP), communication systems, and software engineering concepts and principles in the development of software for the target application
Understanding of time domain versus frequency domain analysis, filter structures, and modulation/coding algorithms  
Work closely with cross functional members of the engineering organization to develop and evaluate interfaces between hardware and software, and operational performance requirements and design of the overall system
Support and participate in all phases of the software and firmware development life cycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, integration, and test of embedded software for real-time control of advanced tactical radio equipment in an agile environment 
Develop software test procedures, software programs, and related documentation
Utilize modeling tools and equipment to establish operating data, conduct experimental tests, and evaluate results
Participate in peer reviews, identify, track and repair defects
Utilize a variety of software languages (primarily C, C++, and VHDL as well as scripting languages) on embedded Linux and real-time operating system platforms (QNX, Motorola, Intel, TI, and custom processor designs)



Qualifications:


Pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field



Preferred Skills:


One or more of the following:  C++, C#, C, Java, Ruby, JEE, HTML5, XML, SQL, Qt, Windows, .NET, Unix, Linux, SOA, RTOS, Real-Time Controls, Wireless, Software Security, Robotics, OOA/OOD, Hadoop, Android, Embedded Systems



In compliance with pay transparency requirements, the salary range for this role in California, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Washington, and the Greater D.C, Denver, or NYC areas is $28.50/hr - $52.50/hr. The salary range for this role in Colorado state, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New York state, Cleveland Ohio, and Vermont is $24.00/hr - $46.00/hr. This is not a guarantee of compensation or salary, as final offer amount may vary based on factors including but not limited to experience and geographic location. L3Harris also offers a variety of benefits, including relocation stipend, 401(k), EAP, and company-paid holidays. The specific programs and options available to an employee may vary depending on date of hire, schedule type, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.

L3Harris Technologies is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. L3Harris is committed to treating all employees and applicants for employment with respect and dignity and maintaining a workplace that is free from unlawful discrimination. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or other related medical conditions), gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, characteristic or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local laws. L3Harris maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks, where permitted by law.

Please be aware many of our positions require the ability to obtain a security clearance. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

By submitting your resume for this position, you understand and agree that L3Harris Technologies may share your resume, as well as any other related personal information or documentation you provide, with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purpose of considering you for other available positions.

L3Harris Technologies is an E-Verify Employer. Please click here for the E-Verify Poster in English or Spanish. For information regarding your Right To Work, please click here for English or Spanish.
Show more
