Cyber Specialist Co-Op | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-specialist-co-op-at-fm-4370871909

Job Description

Established nearly two centuries ago, FM is a leading mutual insurance company whose capital, scientific research capability and engineering expertise are solely dedicated to property risk management and the resilience of its policyholder-owners. These owners, who share the belief that the majority of property loss is preventable, represent many of the world’s largest organizations, including one of every four Fortune 500 companies. They work with FM to better understand the hazards that can impact their business continuity to make cost-effective risk management decisions, combining property loss prevention with insurance protection.

This US-based remote opportunity may require periodic travel to our corporate headquarters in Johnston, RI, which is part of the greater Providence area.

With a large college-age population, Providence offers a vibrant arts and entertainment scene that includes local theatre and music, collegiate and minor league sporting events, and excellent restaurants, and we’re not that far from the breathtaking RI beaches!

Schedule


Must be able to work full time 37.5 hours a week for 6 months.
Hours: 9am to 5pm EST Monday- Friday


Responsibilities

FM is hiring a Cyber Specialist Co-Op to join our team for the Fall 2026 school term, full-time for 6 months July - December!

This is a great opportunity for students that are motivated to apply their classroom experience, professional attitude, and personal ambition. You will get firsthand experience while earning college credits and getting paid!

As a FM Cyber Security Specialist Co-op, you will be a member of the Cyber Threat Operations and Engineering (CTOE) Team. This team is responsible for the implementation, operation, maintenance, and growth of security solutions intended to mitigate cyber security threats. These solutions range from network security technologies like firewalls, URL filters, intrusion detection/prevention systems, advanced threat prevention technologies, and web application firewalls to server and endpoint solutions such as filesystem monitoring, filesystem encryption, vulnerability management, and malware detection/prevention agents.

The candidate will assist senior team members with performing the day-to-day operations and monitoring of the security infrastructure technologies used to prevent, detect, and/or respond to security incidents. These operational activities include supervising and responding to cyber security alerts and incidents, managing ticket queues, responding to operational incident tickets received from the service desk, and processing change requests.

Qualifications

Education

Must be enrolled as a full-time student studying Computer Science, Cyber Security, Information Technology, MIS or related degree program degree during the Fall 2026 Semester to be considered.

Technical Skills


Strong team players who can work independently when needed and have a solid grasp of basic concepts in at least one technology field (i.e., Networking, Systems Administration, End-User Support, Development, etc.)
Experience with Microsoft Windows Operating Systems (Server 2012/19, etc.)
Understanding of and/or experience handling network security tools such as firewalls, Anti-virus, vulnerability management
Experience with PowerShell or similar scripting technology a plus!


Soft Skills


Have strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
Organized, diligent, and analytical
Able to generate creative ideas to address problems and improve work methods
Able to demonstrate high personal work standards and a sense of urgency about results
Able to learn quickly on the job


The hiring range for this position is $24.00 to $33.00 per hour. The final salary offer will vary based on geographic location, individual education, skills, and experience.

FM is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce.
Show more
