Software Engineer Intern - Platform | https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/software-engineer-intern-platform-at-zoominfo-4378057765

ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.

Join ZoomInfo’s Platform department as a Summer Intern to work on high-impact projects that power our go-to-market data products. You’ll join one of the two teams below to participate in real work using AI alongside experienced mentors, with a strong emphasis on data quality, reliability, and learning fast.

What You'll Do

Option A: API/MCP Team

You’ll partner with engineers to design and implement new API endpoints and MCP features, while helping improve service reliability, security, and overall quality. Ideal candidates have strong programming fundamentals, experience with JavaScript/TypeScript or Java, and familiarity with API concepts and backend/platform engineering principles.

Option B: GTM Studio Team

Our team is building the Audiences feature in GTM Studio — the largest and most strategic product release at ZoomInfo to date. As an intern, you will collaborate closely with engineers to design and build new features, contribute to internal tooling, and help enhance the platform’s reliability, security, and overall service quality. This role offers hands-on experience working on a high-impact initiative that directly supports a major company-wide launch.

Required Skillset

Strong programming fundamentals

Experience with Java

Familiarity with API design and integration concepts

Basic understanding of software design principles

Interest in backend and platform engineering

What you’ll bring


Undergraduate junior status (or graduating Jan–Aug 2027) in Computer Science.
Strong programming fundamentals, required to pass a complex coding assessment.
Clear communication, strong problem-solving, and comfort working in a fast-moving environment.
Able to commute to Bethesda, MD or Waltham, MA (in office 4 days/week, 1 day WFH).
Can commit to the program for the full 10 weeks, between June 1 – August 7, 2026.


The US base hourly range for this position is $30-35 per hour.

Actual compensation offered will be based on factors such as the candidate’s work location, qualifications, skills, experience and/or training. Your recruiter can share more information about the specific salary range for your desired work location during the hiring process.

We want our employees and their families to thrive. In addition to comprehensive benefits we offer holistic mind, body and lifestyle programs designed for overall well-being. Learn more about ZoomInfo benefits here.

About Us

ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.

ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant Privacy Notice for more details on how we handle your personal information.

ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available here.

ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.

For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.


Show more
